Hello! My name is Maxwell Gonzalez and I am a self-motivated and progress-driven Engineer with a an extremely diverse background in engineering. As a senior engineer who has been immersed in a multitude of experiences throughout my degree, I bring a cross field knowledge set that I believe would add value to any indsutry I am immeresed in.


During my position as a Lab Assistant at the Lurie Nanofabrication Facility, I gathered valuable experience in fabrication  and process development of thermophotovoltaics. This role required broad knowledge in process development, encompassing mechanical, electrical, and chemical engineering. Through this experience, I gained an intricate understanding of how each engineering area intertwines and builds upon each other, not only through my own work but through collaboration with engineers in varying fields. I believe this is a unique stance that I would bring to Raytheon as a Mechanical engineer with extensive experience in electrical engineering and semiconductors.


Additionally, my tenure at Subaru of America as a Research and Development Engineer further honed my analytical, design and development capabilities. I successfully created a data acquisition device – a project that required synchronizing various sensors to better understand driver behavior. This experience underlines my capacity to successfully deliver complex multipart projects and meet difficult deadlines. Similarly, it again showcases my ability to encompass many facets of engineering, as I developed a GUI from the ground up, integrated sensors using my computer science knowledge, and designed housing for sensors as a mechanical engineer. 


In my academic career, I have been given practical and theoretical exposure to in depth design modeling, simulation, and system analysis. This academic preparation coupled with my work experience has equipped me with a well-rounded skill set including first-rate analytical and design abilities.
With a strong foundation in the principles of mechanical engineering and my hands-on experience in running impactful projects, I am confident that I would significantly benefit your team. 

In the fall of 2024, I will begin my Masters in Robotics, where I hope to learn so much more about automation and control systems as well as continue to hone my programming skills. 

Outside of Enginineering I love the outdoors. I have picked up skiing over the past few years and have loved it despite my skill. Similarly I love to go backpacking and just finished hiking Mount Washington in New Hampshire this past summer. I also love to run and finished my first half marathon in December! 

